《英雄聯盟》正式成為中國遊戲！騰訊買下RIOT「所有股份」

科技中心／綜合報導

幾乎可以說是家喻戶曉的遊戲「英雄聯盟」，背後的製作公司「Riot」在美國時間2015年12月15日傳出被中國騰訊給「100%買下」；換句話說，Riot從今天起，成為了騰訊的全資子公司，而英雄聯盟也正式成為中國遊戲了。消息傳出後，網路上的消息略為兩極；大多數愛玩的人表示不受影響（本來騰訊就是最大股東了），但也有人因此表示，要再考慮考慮。

Riot公司成立於2006年，創辦人是Brandon Beck以及Marc Merrill。而《英雄聯盟》遊戲則是在2009年問世，很快的，它就成為了全世界最受玩家歡迎的電競遊戲。因為它遊戲本身免費，使得玩家的黏著度非常高。騰訊科技買下Riot大多數股份的時機點實在2011年，根據Venturebeat.com的報導，當時騰訊花了2億3千1百萬買下了70%的Riot股份。而現在，騰訊只是把剩下的股份也一併買回去罷了。

Riot旗下擁有數千名員工，Glassdoor更將Riot稱謂「美國最棒的工作之一」，而騰訊的完全收購將讓Riot有更充足的現金進行後續的開發。



Tencent acquired a majority stake in LA-based developer Riot back in 2011, buying out other investors for a rumoured $400 million. It had first been an investor in the company in 2009 and had signed a Chinese distribution deal for League of Legends in November, 2008.

"We're excited about the flexibility of this new approach to comp and believe it'll help us continue to ensure Riot remains a great place to work."「



Check out all of our GamesBeat Rewind 2015 end of the year coverage here.
Riot Games, the maker of the enormously popular League of Legends multiplayer online arena battler (MOBA), is now 100 percent-owned by China’s Tencent.

Los Angeles-based Riot Games made the announcement somewhat casually as part of a post about changes coming to Riot’s compensation structure. It made no mention of the cost of the transaction, as Tencent probably laid out a lot of money to acquire the remaining equity in Riot Games. League of Legends is often referred to by players and observers as the “biggest game in the world.” That’s because it regularly has millions of people playing it at any one time, but it’s also because the free-to-play PC hit makes approximately $1 billion annually from in-app purchases. That contributes to a MOBA market that generates more than $200 million in revenue every month, according to intelligence firm SuperData Research.

Riot Games was founded by Brandon Beck and Marc Merrill in 2006. They launched League of Legends in 2009 as something of a spiritual successor to the popular Warcraft 3 mod Defense of the Ancients. LoL, as fans commonly refer to it, became a huge hit. The game is one of the most-played PC online games of all time. Tencent bought a majority stake in Riot Games in 2011 for a reported $231 million. That gave the Chinese company an estimated 70 percent ownership of Riot.

The 9-year-old company is also well known for spending a great deal on its employees and taking its culture seriously. Riot has thousands of employees, and employee-review website Glassdoor called it one of the best places to work in the U.S., which is notable considering it is the only game developer on the list.

In its post, Riot said that it was shifting to a new structure to “recognize and reward Rioters’ contributions — and that first involves a big change to our existing equity program. As part of this effort, our majority investor, Tencent, recently purchased the remaining equity of Riot Games. This allows us to move away from a Riot equity program towards a cash-based incentive program that allows Rioters to share in Riot’s success.”
